Add Module.md files to langlib modules (#17194)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: langlib/lang.xml/src/main/ballerina/src/lang.xml/Module.md

## Module Overview

> This module provide langLib functions which operate on Ballerina `xml` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides lang library functions which operate on `xml` values.
```
